Add links to all the touchpoints (#96)
wrap-org/evergreen: README.md

Evergreen provides tools for both designers and developers:

> - **[Figma Resources](https://www.figma.com/proto/uyzJep76xi4PeYCBT385dM/Evergreen-Docs?page-id=18%3A3444&node-id=18-3445&p=f&viewport=265%2C132%2C0.6&t=ASbv3hbuMnJkPIpg-8&scaling=min-zoom&content-scaling=fixed&hide-ui=1):** Design with our component library, design tokens, and templates to create experiences that align with WRAP's visual identity.

Reviewer: The docs are still a pretty incomplete - probably better to link to the component library 
(Also not sure if this link is due to change when hand over ownership to wrap)

```suggestion
- **[Figma Resources](https://www.figma.com/design/FTracH5vU8pdOK0jLKWnSU/%F0%9F%8C%B2-Evergreen?node-id=2-2&t=VEcp033JU1Nuxmo6-1):** Design with our component library, design tokens, and templates to create experiences that align with WRAP's visual identity.
```
